docs/topics/Vuetify.md, before:

# Vuetify

This project largely uses [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/) for its
components. Vuetify is a Material Design component framework for Vue.js. It aims
to provide clean, semantic and reusable components that make building your
application a breeze.

## Vuetify API

The Vuetify API is available
[here online](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/api/vuetify/).

## Classes

Vuetify uses classes to style components. These classes are exposed to the
whole application, so they can be used in the `class` tag of any component.

<seealso>
    <category ref="vue">
        <a href="Components.md" />
    </category>
    <category ref="uh">
        <a href="Admin.md" />
        <a href="Authenticating-Logging-In.md" />
        <a href="Loans.md" />
        <a href="Deposits.md" />
        <a href="Profiles.md" />
    </category>
    <category ref="ds">
        <a href="Naming.md" />
        <a href="Comments.md" />
        <a href="Code-Style.md" />
        <a href="Git-Commit-Messages.md" />
    </category>
</seealso>

Commit message:

docs: fix vuetify components link

docs/topics/Vuetify.md, after:

# Vuetify

This project largely uses [Vuetify](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/) for its
components. Vuetify is a Material Design component framework for Vue.js. It aims
to provide clean, semantic and reusable components that make building your
application a breeze.

## Vuetify Components

The documentation for all Vuetify components can be found
[here online](https://vuetifyjs.com/en/components/all/).

## Classes

Vuetify uses classes to style components. These classes are exposed to the
whole application, so they can be used in the `class` tag of any component.

<seealso>
    <category ref="vue">
        <a href="Components.md" />
    </category>
    <category ref="uh">
        <a href="Admin.md" />
        <a href="Authenticating-Logging-In.md" />
        <a href="Loans.md" />
        <a href="Deposits.md" />
        <a href="Profiles.md" />
    </category>
    <category ref="ds">
        <a href="Naming.md" />
        <a href="Comments.md" />
        <a href="Code-Style.md" />
        <a href="Git-Commit-Messages.md" />
    </category>
</seealso>
